interest-is-interesting: explain interest (#1825)
exercism/csharp: exercises/concept/interest-is-interesting/.docs/instructions.md

## 4. Calculate the years before reaching the desired balance

Implement the (_static_) `SavingsAccount.YearsBeforeDesiredBalance()` method to calculate the minimum number of years required to reach the desired balance given annually compounding interest:

```csharp
SavingsAccount.YearsBeforeDesiredBalance(balance: 200.75m, targetBalance: 214.88m)
// 14
```

Note that the value returned is an `int`.

~~~~exercism/note
When applying simple interest to a principle balance, the balance is multipled by the interest rate and the product of the two is the interest amount.

> Compound interest on the other hand is done by applying interest on a reocurring bases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compound interest on the other hand is done by applying interest on a recurring basis.
```
